Now it's not seeing this leave class because it's actually there's paragraphs within this paragraph
.
So what I'm going to do is change this to a div and then give it a class of excerpt and then we can
go into the style C Ss down to the bottom.
Say excerpt P and let's just change font size to 18 and let's do font weight 400
and that changes that.
So let's go back to front page ph P and let's grab the image k so we have this here.
Now obviously we're not going to use an image tag we need to use the post thumbnail function.
So let's get rid of this and we're going to put it in ph p.
The Post thumbnail.
Now we want to have a class here we want our classes so we're going to have to put in.
Let's first of all say we want the full image and then we want to put in an array
and let's say class
C class is going to be image circle and let's do image responsive and then we also wants the animation
so I'll say animated
Thede and right.
Well.
Something's not right here.
Oh you know what where I put this did x.
I didn't change the ending P to a div.
There we go.
All right.
Now you probably noticed that these are all the same.
Now we don't have the section B styling.
So this is a little tricky.
What we need to do.
We're going to use m p p to kind of break up our posts and kind of make.
We're going to create a counter.
We're going to have it be odd for the first one even for the second.
Odd for the next one and so on.
All right.
So it's a little tricky.
Just try to bear with me.
So we're going to go right above here and let's say ph P
and we're going to set count.
We're going to call it.
I set it to zero.
And then we'll set section and by default we'll just set it to Section A
and then we want to go down to where our loop starts which is right here.
All right.
And we're going to take that variable.
We're going to incriminate by one with plus plus And then we're going to have an if statement or an
if else.
And here we're going to say I know we're going to use the modulus operator and then say not equal to
zero.
OK so right here this will be the odd post.
And then this will be the even the post.
OK so there's a few things we want to set.
We want our second class.
We're going to set that to Section A.
Hey we're going to set our left class because if we look down here we have this class here.
And then this one here for where the images on this side and these are different depending on if it's
s.a.a or Section B.
So we're going to put it in variables instead.
All right so let me grab this.
Copy it and I'll put it right in here
and then we'll just replace
it or just replace it
with PH P echo We don't need echo.
Yes we do need to go left class.
All right.
And then this here this is the section class which will always be the section or Section B
.
Right.
And then this one here will be the right class.
So we're going to cut that
right.
And then the last thing we need is the image class which is this.
So we're going to cut that and just put image class.
Actually we do.
I am g
.
OK.
So if I saved this it should look exactly the same.
Now we want to do our S. B.
K because this is all for the odd post which is s.a.
Now to save on time I'm just going to piece this.
And all right.
And these are just the classes that are coming from Section be like we had earlier.
OK you can see that the Left class is a little different.
Right.
And Image class is a little different.
So let's save that and then reload.
And now you can see that whatever one is Section B is formatted a little differently.
OK.
So that's exactly what we wanted.
So we want the same kind of thing the same kind of effect on the blog page right now for Click on that
.
It's still displaying index start P which is just a showcase and then static content down here.
So let's go to index start ph P and we don't want this showcase here at all so we're just going to get
rid of it.
That entire section.
All right.
And then that's for the post we're going to do the same kind of thing that we did on front page of PSAP
So let's grab.
Let's see we want from here.
Actually you know we don't want this.
It's not going to be the latest blog post it's going to be the actual default loop.
So let's just copy whatever we have in the loop which is here down
down to here.
So I will copy that.
And then let's go to index PGE and we're going to get rid of all of this section a b a
b and then we need to set the counter.
And
actually we don't need that.
So down now we'll have our loop Our while loop we're going to say ph P
while
have hosts
the post
and then everything we copied from front page we can put here.
So let's go ahead and save that go back to blog reload and there we go.
Now I want things to be a little different.
I want to have the meta data here and also the read more.
So let's go back into index ph P and go down to see if we want to go right under the H to heading.
And I'm going to just paste this in.
This is exactly what we've been doing in past projects for the matter.
OK so we said we have posted on.
And then we're using the time with some formatting by and then the users is the author along with the
link to the author archive.
And then we have our categories we're saying we're getting get the category and then we're breaking
it up using a foreach so that we can display each category along with the link to that category archive
.
All right so let's save that reload.
And there's our meta data.
Ok now for the read more that's easy too we're going to go right under the X or
we'll paste in the read more.
Which is just a link to the permalink.
OK now we have read more.
Last thing we want here is a titlebar.
So let's go up
and we can grab that from our h team template.
OK so this section right here.
Copy that.
Let's go paste that right below the get hether
save it.
And there we go.
So that's going to do it.
Now you see over here in the title bar on the right is just a static list.
We're going to take care of that later on.
Actually you know what it shouldn't even be here for the blog page so we can actually get rid of that
completely.
We can get rid of the six column div
and then just change this to 12 column.
All right.
So we have our home page we have our blog index page.
Next we're going to work on a single blog post because we don't want this and also for the archive.
If I click on let's say the user name that does work we get the archive but we want the heading to be
different.
I also want to be able to have the categories up here in the title bar.
All right so we'll get to that.